The test_files directory contains files for testing implementations of
the I++ DME Interface specficiation, version 1.4.

Files with a .prg suffix are command files. Most of these are intended to
be used to test command parsers (normally found inside servers).  Some of
them are intended to be executed by a server to test the entire server. The
syntax of command strings and command files is described in documents named
command_string_spec and prg_file_spec.  There is a .prg test file for every
command in the spec. If the command is named XXX, the .prg test file is
named XXX.prg and focuses on testing the XXX command.

Files with a .res suffix are response files. Most of these are intended to
be used to test response parsers (normally found inside clients).  The
syntax of response strings and response files is described in documents
named response_string_spec and res_file_spec.  There is a .res test file
for every type of response that can be made by a server.

Files with a .txt suffix are text files that describe the corresponding
.prg and/or .res files.

In most cases there are three related files with the same base name but
different suffixes (.prg, .res, and .txt). In these case the .res file is
what might be returned by a server when the client runs the .prg file, and
the .txt file gives a general description of the other two files.

Some of the test programs are intended to trigger errors in a command
parser or response parser. In these cases there may be only two related
files.

The following .prg files are intended to be completely executable.  To use
these files, it is necessary in most cases to have a specific physical
artifact in place on the CMM being controlled. Read the .txt file to see
what is needed. These files are written in part coordinates based on an
assumed machine coordinate system. The files may be edited automatically
(using the PCSmover utility) to use some other machine coordinate system.
See the documentation for PCSmover.

NO FILES YET.
